breaking: relative resource requests in ct (#27510)
cypress-io/cypress: cli/CHANGELOG.md

- The [`video`](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration#Videos) configuration option now defaults to `false`. Addresses [#26157](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26157).
- The [`videoCompression`](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration#Videos) configuration option now defaults to `false`. Addresses [#26160](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26160).
- The [`videoUploadOnPasses`](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/references/configuration#Videos) configuration option has been removed. Please see our [screenshots & videos guide](https://docs.cypress.io/guides/guides/screenshots-and-videos#Delete-videos-for-specs-without-failing-or-retried-tests) on how to accomplish similar functionality. Addresses [#26899](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26899).

> - Write spec-path to aut-iframe query parameter instead of path to allow for proper forwarding relative asset requests to the devserver. Fixed in [#26844](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/pull/26844).

Reviewer: Should probably reference the original bug rather than the PR - if not, we at least need to update the PR number to this one. Also, this changelog entry could use a little wordsmithing

```suggestion
- The current spec path is now passed from the AUT iframe using a query parameter rather than a path segment. This allows for requests for assets at relative paths to be correctly forwarded to the dev server. Fixes [#26725](https://github.com/cypress-io/cypress/issues/26725).
```
